GO TO HOOTERS.
[LAUGHTER]
A GREAT TIME.
HERE'S THE NEWS, PRESIDENT TRUMP
KILLED ALL FEDERAL THE EI
PROGRAM SIGNING EXECUTIVE ORDER
AT THE WHITE HOUSE SO THIS IS
THE LAST TIME YOU WILL SEEK
KEONA HOLLEY WEALTH.
[LAUGHTER]
STOP IT RIGHT NOW.
JOINING ME TO DISCUSS THE
FINALES, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR, A
GUY WHO IS HERE ON MERIT GOOD AT
WRITING.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
A MEDIAN WHO WAS A CANADIAN
BEFORE TRUMP INVADED AND TOOK
IT.
[LAUGHTER]
'S THE DI STORY IS NUTS.
I'M GOING TO COME TO YOU FIRST
BECAUSE HAVE SAID REPEATEDLY
BLACKS SHOULDN'T EVEN BE ALLOWED
TO VOTE.
[LAUGHTER]
BUT YOU LOVE IT'S GOING AWAY.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
WHO LIKED IT?
IS A COUPLE PEOPLE, HOLLYWOOD
TYPES.
>> LIKE A NO-SHOW.
THE KIND OF UNDERMINES THE
PERCEPTION OF HOW PEOPLE GET THE
JOB BECAUSE YOU JUST GOT IT
BECAUSE OF YOUR RACE LIKE MAYOR
OF PHILADELPHIA, TELL ME WHAT
YOU THINK.
[LAUGHTER]
>> LET ME OFF YOUR YOU SAY.
[CHANTING]
'S LET'S GO BIRDS.
[LAUGHTER]
>> THE PROBLEM IS A LOT OF
PEOPLE THINK IS JUST HANDLE THE
JOB WHICH OVERSHADOWED THE FACT
THAT CORRUPTION -- BUT EVEN IF
SHE COULD SPELL EAGLES, THERE IS
THAT PERCEPTION.
>> SHE CLEARLY DIDN'T WIN
BECAUSE OF HER SPELLING SKILLS.
[LAUGHTER]
THERE'S A YELLOW SCHOOL BUS
SHOULD PROBABLY CAME IN ON BUT.
>> BUT SPELLED IT --
[LAUGHTER]
>> BUT I AGREE WITH YOU, I'M
GLAD THE DI IS OVER AND I'M GLAD
BACK ON THE SHOW BECAUSE YOU
ENDED YOUR PROBLEM, DIDN'T YOU?
>> REAL THE.
>> IF YOU HAVE TO EXPLAIN IT --
>> BUT NOT AS MUCH AS WE LOVE
DIRECT MESSAGES AFTERWARDS FROM
MONEY MIDDLE AGED EXCITEMENT.
[LAUGHTER]
FEEL THE CRIMINALS AT HOME KNOW
WHO YOU ARE.
>> THEY DO BUT I THINK WHAT
HAPPENED FOR A LOT OF PEOPLE IS
THEY GOT OVER THE FACT THAT
THERE WAS NO MERIT.
WE GOT AWAY FROM MERIT
COMPLETELY.
LOOK AT L.A. RIGHT NOW.
HE WILL NEVER HAVE YOUR HOUSE ON
FIRE AND CALL UP AND SAY?
, SINCE THE LESBIAN.
[LAUGHTER]
THERE ARE OTHER SERVICES I CALL
UP TO SAY QUICK, SEND ME A
LESBIAN.
IT'S LONELY ON THE ROAD, DON'T
GET ME WRONG.
HIS A DIFFERENT KIND BUT DON'T
YOU THINK WE ARE FIGHTING THE
WRONG BATTLES?
>> WE WERE IN THIS CULTURAL DARK
AGE FOCUSING ON THE WRONG
THINGS.
EVERYBODY KNEW IT WAS WRONG AND
JUST DIDN'T WANT TO SAY IT
BECAUSE SOME PEOPLE BENEFITED
FROM IT LIKE I WANT TO GET FIRED
FOR GETTING IN THE WAY.
>> SOCIETY WAS RECONFIGURED TO
REWARD THE PEOPLE YELLING THE
LOUDEST BUT THE PEOPLE YELLING
THE LOUDEST --
>> THAT'S VENTURE OF.
>> IT'S ALMOST SHOCKING BECAUSE
WE ARE TECHNICALLY THE MOST
TOLERANT SOCIETY IN THE WORLD WE
HAVE THIS DI MOVEMENT FROM
BARACK OBAMA, OUR LAST BLACK
PRESIDENT AND -- ANYWAY.
>> IS CONFUSING.
[LAUGHTER]
>> LIKE I HOPE SO, DON'T LOOK AT
ME --
[LAUGHTER]
I'LL DRINK TO THAT.
>> IT IS CONFUSING BECAUSE YOU
CAN TELL WITH THE DI PROGRAMS,
EVERYBODY WAS A LIBERAL
PERSPECTIVE LIKE I HAVE 1000
GENDERS AND THEN YOU WONDER,
HAVE THESE PEOPLE -- COMPLETELY
DELUSIONAL STATEMENTS.
[LAUGHTER]
INSANE.
>> IT IS, IT'S TRUE.
>> LOOK AT TARGET, THE TOP
FRIENDLY -- TODAY THEY ARE LIKE
EVERYBODY, I GUESS WE ARE NOT
GOING TO ANYMORE EITHER.
>> WE WENT FROM DEFUNDING POLICE
TO TRUMP GETTING THE VILLAGE
PEOPLE MORE WORK.
[LAUGHTER]